Update runbooks/node (#13)
prometheus-operator/runbooks: content/runbooks/node/NodeHighNumberConntrackEntriesUsed.md

---
title: Node High Number Conntrack Entries Used
weight: 20
---

# NodeHighNumberConntrackEntriesUsed

## Meaning

Number of conntrack are getting close to the limit.

## Impact

When reached the limit then some connections will be dropped, degrading service quality.

## Diagnosis

Check current conntrack value on the node.
Check which apps are generating a lot of connections.

## Mitigation

Migrate some pods to another nodes.

> Bump conntrack limit directly on the node.
> Update provisioning scripts to do the same on node start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bump conntrack limit directly on the node, remembering to make it persistent across node reboots.
```

nit
